( whistling
"Colonel Bogey March" )
Ross:
OH, RACH,
WE'RE RUNNING LOW
ON RESUMES
OVER HERE.
DO YOU REALLY WANT A JOB
WITH POPULAR MECHANICS?
IF YOU'RE GOING
TO WORK FOR A MECHANIC
THOSE ARE THE ONES
TO WORK FOR.
LOOK, I'M GOING FOR ANYTHING.
I CANNOT BE A WAITRESS ANYMORE.
I'M SICK
OF THE LOUSY TIPS
SICK OF BEING CALLED
"EXCUSE ME."
Ross:
RACH, DID YOU
PROOFREAD THESE?
UH, YEAH. WHY?
UH, NOTHING.
I'M SURE THEY'LL
BE IMPRESSED
WITH YOUR EXCELLENT
"COMPUPER" SKILLS.
OH, MY GOD!
OH, DO YOU THINK
IT'S ON ALL OF THEM?
OH, NO. I'M SURE
THE XEROX MACHINE
CAUGHT A FEW.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
HEY, GUYS.
Both:
HEY.
HI, LADIES.
UH, CAN I GET
YOU ANYTHING?
DID YOU BRING THE MAIL?
LOTS OF RESPONSES.
REALLY?
SURE WE HAVE SCONES LEFT.
OKAY, READ THEM TO ME.
"DEAR MS. GREEN,
THANK YOU FOR
YOUR INQUIRY.
HOWEVER..."
WE HAVE APPLE CINNAMON...
OKAY, "DEAR MS. GREEN..."
YEP, YEP, YEP.
NO.
WOW.
WHAT?
YOUR VISA BILL
IS HUGE.
GIVE ME THAT.
LINDA IS SO GREAT.
WHY WON'T YOU GO OUT
WITH HER AGAIN?
I DON'T KNOW.
IS THIS STILL ABOUT
HER WHOLE
"THE FLINTSTONES
COULD HAVE REALLY
HAPPENED" THING?
NO. IT'S NOT JUST THAT.
IT'S JUST I WANT SOMEONE
WHO DOES SOMETHING FOR ME.
WHO GETS MY HEART POUNDING.
WHO... WHO
MAKES ME, UH...
LITTLE PLAYTHINGS
WITH YARN?
WHAT?
COULD YOU WANT
HER MORE?
WHO?
DEE, THE SARCASTIC SISTER
FROM WHAT'S HAPPENING.
LOOK, I...
LOOK, I AM TOTALLY,
TOTALLY OVER HER, OKAY...
HI.
HI. CAN I HELP YOU?
NO. WE'RE FINE.
OKAY.
( laughs )
SHUT UP!
WE'RE NOT SAYING ANYTHING.
WHAT?
UH, JOEY CRIED
LAST NIGHT.
THANK YOU.
WE WERE PLAYING POKER,
ALL RIGHT...
THERE WAS CHOCOLATE
ON THE "THREE."
IT LOOKED LIKE
AN "EIGHT," ALL RIGHT?
YOU SHOULD HAVE SEEN HIM.
"READ 'EM AND WEEP."
AND THEN HE DID.
NOW, HOW COME YOU GUYS
HAVE NEVER PLAYED POKER
WITH US?
YEAH, WHAT IS THAT--
LIKE, SOME KIND OF SEXIST
GUY THING?
LIKE, IT'S POKER,
SO ONLY GUYS CAN PLAY.
NO. WOMEN ARE WELCOME TO PLAY.
SO THEN WHAT IS IT?
SOME KIND OF, YOU KNOW, LIKE...
SOME KIND OF, LIKE...
ALL RIGHT, WHAT IS IT?
THERE JUST DON'T HAPPEN
TO BE ANY WOMEN IN OUR GAME.
WE JUST DON'T HAPPEN
TO KNOW ANY WOMEN
THAT KNOW HOW TO PLAY POKER.
THAT IS SUCH
A LAME EXCUSE.
IT'S A TYPICAL
GUY RESPONSE.
DO ANY
OF YOU PLAY?
All:
NO.
BUT YOU COULD
TEACH US.
All:
NO.
OKAY, SO NOW...
( slowly ):
WE DRAW CARDS.
I WOULDN'T
NEED ANY, RIGHT?
'CAUSE I HAVE A STRAIGHT.
GOOD FOR YOU!
CONGRATULATIONS!
( bell dings )
OKAY, PHOEBS,
HOW MANY DO YOU WANT?
OKAY. I JUST NEED TWO.
THE TEN OF SPADES
AND THE SIX OF CLUBS.
NO, PHOEBS,
YOU CAN'T DO...
I HAVE THE TEN
OF SPADES.
NO, NO...
UH, NO, SEE,
YOU CAN'T DO THAT.
NO, THAT'S OKAY.
I DON'T NEED THEM.
I'M GOING FOR FOURS.
OH, YOU'RE...
ALL RIGHT,
HERE WE GO.
WE GOT SALMON ROULETTES
AND ASSORTED CRUDITES.
WHOA, WHOA, MONICA,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
THIS IS A POKER GAME.
YOU CAN'T SERVE FOOD
WITH MORE THAN
ONE SYLLABLE.
IT'S GOT TO BE LIKE
CHIPS, OR DIP, OR PRETZ...
OKAY, SO AT THIS POINT,
THE DEALER...
WE GOT IT.
LET'S PLAY FOR REAL.
HIGH STAKES, BIG BUCKS.
ARE YOU SURE?
PHOEBE JUST THREW
AWAY TWO JACKS
BECAUSE THEY DIDN'T
LOOK HAPPY.
BUT I'M READY,
SO JUST DEAL.
OKAY. LAST-MINUTE LESSON.
JOEY, THREE...
EIGHT.
EIGHT, THREE.
ALL RIGHT.
VERY GOOD.
DAMMIT!
DAMMIT! DAMMIT!
I SEE. SO THEN,
YOU WERE LYING.
ABOUT WHAT?
ABOUT HOW GOOD
YOUR CARDS WERE.
I WAS BLUFFING.
UH-HUH.
AND WHAT IS BLUFFING?
IS IT NOT ANOTHER WORD
FOR LYING?
OKAY. SORRY
TO BREAK UP THIS PARTY
BUT I'VE GOT
TO GO FAX RESUMES...
RACH, WE GOT
TO SETTLE.
SETTLE WHAT?
THE JAMESTOWN COLONY
OF VIRGINIA.
YOU SEE, KING GEORGE
IS GIVING US THE LAND...
THE GAME, RACHEL.
YOU OWE US MONEY
FOR THE GAME.
OH. RIGHT.
GUYS, IT'S
THEIR FIRST TIME.
LET'S FORGET
ABOUT THE MONEY.
HELL, NO,
WE'LL PAY.
MONICA, I HAD
ANOTHER ANSWER ALL READY.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE WANT A REMATCH.
WELL, THAT'S
FINE WITH ME.
COULD USE THE MONEY.
SO BASICALLY,
YOU GET YOUR YA-YAS
BY TAKING MONEY
FROM ALL OF YOUR FRIENDS.
YEAH.
YES, AND I GET MY YA-YAS
FROM IKEA.
YOU HAVE TO PUT THEM TOGETHER
YOURSELF
BUT THEY COST
A LITTLE LESS.
LOOK, RACH,
THIS IS POKER.
I PLAY TO WIN,
ALL RIGHT?
AND FOR ME TO WIN,
OTHER PEOPLE HAVE TO LOSE.
SO IF YOU PLAY POKER WITH ME
DON'T EXPECT ME
TO BE A NICE GUY.
'CAUSE ONCE THOSE CARDS
ARE DEALT...
YEAH?
I'M NOT A NICE GUY.
ALL RIGHT, BOYS,
LET'S EAT.
OH, DID YOU GET THAT
FROM THE "I LOVE RACHEL"
PIZZERIA?
YOU STILL ON THAT?
WHAT WAS WITH THAT WHOLE
BLACK BART SPEECH?
"WHEN I PLAY POKER,
I'M NOT A NICE GUY."
YOU ARE WAY OFF, PAL.
I DON'T THINK SO,
SEE, ROSS
BECAUSE I THINK
YOU LOVE HER.
UH, NO.
I MIGHT HAVE HAD FEELINGS FOR
HER AT ONE TIME, NOT ANYMORE.
( squeaking )
MARCEL!
WHERE ARE YOU GOING
WITH THAT DISK?
YOU ARE NOT
PUTTING THAT ON, AGAIN.
IF YOU PRESS THAT BUTTON,
YOU ARE IN VERY,
VERY BIG TROUBLE.
( playing
"The Lion Sleeps Tonight" )
DO YOU BELIEVE
WHAT A JERK ROSS WAS BEING?
YEAH, I KNOW.
HE CAN GET REALLY
COMPETITIVE.
( sarcastic chuckle )
WHAT?
HELLO, KETTLE?
THIS IS MONICA.
YOU'RE BLACK.
PLEASE.
I AM NOT AS BAD AS ROSS.
OH, I BEG TO DIFFER.
THE PICTIONARY INCIDENT.
THAT WAS NOT AN INCIDENT.
I WAS GESTURING
AND THE PLATE
SLIPPED OUT OF MY HAND.
OH...
OH! I GOT AN INTERVIEW!
YOU'RE KIDDING.
WHERE?
SAKS FIFTH AVENUE.
OH, RACHEL.
IT'S LIKE THE MOTHER SHIP
IS CALLING YOU HOME.
WHAT'S THE JOB?
ASSISTANT BUYER.
OH!
I WOULD BE SHOPPING...
FOR A LIVING!
( knock on door )
OKAY, THAT IS AUNT IRIS.
THIS WOMAN HAS BEEN PLAYING
POKER SINCE SHE WAS FIVE.
LISTEN TO EVERY WORD
SHE SAYS.
HI. IS TONY RANDALL DEAD?
NO. WHY?
I DON'T THINK SO.
WELL, HE MAY BE NOW,
BECAUSE I THINK
I HIT HIM WITH MY CAR.
OH, MY GOD, REALLY?!
NO. THAT'S BLUFFING--
LESSON NUMBER ONE.
LISTEN
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
EVERYTHING YOU HEAR
AT A POKER GAME
IS PURE CRAP.
NICE EARRINGS.
THANK YO...
GIRLS, SIT DOWN.
AUNT IRIS, THIS IS
PHOEBE, AND THAT'S...
YEAH, YEAH.
I AM PARKED AT A METER.
LET'S DO IT, OKAY?
( music playing )
ROSS, COULD WE PLEASE, PLEASE,
PLEASE, LISTEN TO ANYTHING ELSE?
ALL RIGHT.
I'M GOING TO PAY FOR THAT
TONIGHT.
( knocking on door )
HI.
GUYS, GUESS WHAT?
GUESS WHAT?
OKAY. THE FIFTH DENTIST CAVED
AND NOW THEY'RE ALL
RECOMMENDING TRIDENT?
NO, THE INTERVIEW!
SHE ABSOLUTELY LOVED ME.
WE TALKED FOR
TWO AND A HALF HOURS.
WE HAVE THE SAME TASTE
IN CLOTHES.
AND I WENT TO CAMP
WITH HER COUSIN.
AND, OH, THE JOB IS PERFECT.
I COULD DO THIS WELL.
OH! AND THEN SHE TOLD
THE FUNNIEST STORY.
GREAT. YOU'LL TELL US
AND WE'LL LAUGH.
LET'S PLAY POKER.
ALL RIGHT,
LISTEN, YOU GUYS.
IF YOU DON'T
WANT TO PLAY
WE'D COMPLETELY
UNDERSTAND.
YES. WE COULD PLAY
SOME OTHER GAME
LIKE, I DON'T KNOW,
PICTIONARY?
VERY FUNNY,
VERY FUNNY.
BUT WE'D LIKE TO GIVE
POKER ANOTHER TRY.
SHALL WE, LADIES?
Both:
I THINK WE SHOULD.
DO YOU WANT ME
TO SHUFFLE THOSE?
NO. THAT'S OKAY.
I'M GOING TO
GIVE IT A GO.
ALL RIGHT...
UM...
SO, PHOEBS OWES 7.50,
MONICA, YOU OWE TEN DOLLARS
AND, RACHEL, YOU OWE
15 BIG ONES.
AND, HEY
THANKS FOR TEACHING US
CROSS-EYED MARY.
WE GOT TO PLAY THAT
AT OUR REGULAR GAME.
HERE'S MY 7.50, BUT YOU SHOULD
KNOW THAT THIS MONEY IS CURSED.
WHAT?
OH, I CURSED IT.
SO NOW BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN
TO HE WHO SPENDS IT.
I'LL TAKE IT.
BAD THINGS HAPPEN
TO ME ANYWAY.
THIS WAY I CAN
BREAK THEM UP
WITH A MOVIE.
SO THAT JUST LEAVES
THE BIG, GREEN POKER MACHINE
WHO OWES 15.
OH, IT'S SO TYPICAL.
OOH, I'M A MAN.
OOH, I HAVE A PENIS.
OOH, I HAVE TO WIN MONEY
TO EXERT MY POWER
OVER WOMEN.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
THIS IS NOT OVER.
WE WILL PLAY YOU AGAIN,
AND WE WILL WIN
AND YOU WILL LOSE
AND YOU WILL BEG,
AND WE WILL LAUGH
AND WE WILL TAKE
EVERY LAST DIME YOU HAVE
AND YOU WILL HATE
YOURSELVES FOREVER.
HMM. YOU KIND OF STEPPED
ON MY POINT THERE, MON.
YOU GALS WANT TO HAND
OVER YOUR MONEY NOW?
THAT WAY WE DON'T HAVE
TO GO THROUGH THE FORMALITY
OF ACTUALLY PLAYING.
OH, THAT'S FINE.
WE'LL SEE WHO HAS
THE LAST LAUGH THERE
MONKEY BOY.
OKAY, WE DONE WITH
THE CHIT-CHAT?
ARE WE READY TO PLAY
SERIOUS POKER?
HEY, YOU GUYS, LOOK,
THE ONE-EYED JACK
FOLLOWS ME WHEREVER I GO.
RIGHT, OKAY.
SERIOUS POKER.
Monica:
EXCUSE ME.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
TO THE BATHROOM.
DO YOU WANT TO GO TO
THE BATHROOM OR PLAY POKER?
I WANT TO GO TO THE BATHROOM.
WELL, I'M GOING
TO ORDER A PIZZA.
OH, NO, NO, NO, NO!
I'M STILL WAITING
TO HEAR FROM THAT JOB
AND THE STORE CLOSES AT 9:00,
SO YOU CAN EAT THEN.
THAT'S FINE.
I'LL JUST HAVE A TIC TAC
TO HOLD ME OVER.
ALL RIGHT.
CINCINNATI, NO BLIND.
EVERYBODY ANTE.
YES!
OR NO.
ALL RIGHT!
YOUR MONEY'S MINE, GREEN.
YOUR FLY IS OPEN, GELLER.
YOU GUYS, YOU KNOW
WHAT I JUST REALIZED?
"JOKER" IS "POKER"
WITH A "J."
COINCIDENCE?
HEY, THAT'S...
THAT'S "JOINCIDENCE"
WITH A "C."
UH, PHOEBE?
PHOEBE?
YEAH. UM, I'M OUT.
I'M IN.
ME TOO.
WHAT DO YOU GOT?
WELL, YOU'D BETTER
HOP OUT OF THE SHOWER
'CAUSE I GOTTA FLUSH.
WELL, WELL, WELL,
HOP BACK IN, BUCKO
'CAUSE I GOT FOUR SIXES.
I GOT FOUR SIXES. I WON.
I ACTUALLY WON.
OH, MY...
I'M GOING TO MAKE
A LITTLE ROSS PILE.
I THINK THAT ONE WAS ROSS'S
AND, OOH,
THAT ONE WAS ROSS'S.
♪ WELL, I HAVE GOT YOUR MONEY ♪
♪ AND YOU'LL NEVER SEE IT ♪
♪ AND YOUR FLY'S
STILL OPEN ♪
♪ HAH, I MADE YOU LOOK. ♪
Phoebe:
MONICA, IN OR OUT?
I HATE THIS GAME.
OKAY, JOEY, YOUR BET.
I FOLD LIKE A CHEAP HOOKER
WHO GOT HIT IN THE STOMACH
BY A FAT GUY WITH
SORES ON HIS FACE.
OH, I'M OUT.
ROSS?
OH, I'M VERY IN.
CHANDLER?
COULDN'T BE MORE OUT.
ME TOO.
RACHEL.
UM, I WILL SEE YOU...
AND I'LL RAISE YOU.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
YOU WANT TO WASTE
ANOTHER BUCK?
NOPE, NOT THIS TIME.
SO, WHAT DID YOU HAVE?
I'M NOT TELLING.
SHOW THEM TO ME.
NO.
GET YOUR HANDS
OUT OF THERE. NO.
I'VE HAD DATES LIKE THIS.
BOY, YOU REALLY CAN'T
STAND TO LOSE, CAN YOU?
YOUR WHOLE FACE
IS GETTING RED.
THE LITTLE VEIN'S
POPPING OUT OF YOUR TEMPLE.
PLUS, THAT SHIRT DOESN'T
REALLY MATCH THOSE PANTS.
FIRST OF ALL, I'M NOT LOSING...
( phone rings )
HELLO. RACHEL GREEN.
( mimicking ):
MM-MM-MM-MM-MM.
EXCUSE ME.
IT'S ABOUT THE JOB.
BARBARA, HI.
HOW ARE YOU?
UH-HUH.
NO, I UNDERSTAND.
YEAH, OH, WELL, COME ON.
NO, I'M FINE.
DON'T BE SILLY.
YEAH, BUT, YOU KNOW,
IF ANYTHING ELSE OPENS UP,
PLEASE... HELLO?
HELLO?
HMM...
SORRY, RACH.
THERE'S GOING TO BE
LOTS OF OTHER STUFF.
YEAH. OKAY.
WHERE WERE WE?
OH. OKAY.
FIVE-CARD DRAW.
UH... JACKS OR BETTER.
NOTHING WILD.
EVERYBODY ANTE.
LOOK, RACH, WE DON'T
HAVE TO DO THIS.
YES, WE DO.
ALL RIGHT, CHECK.
CHECK.
I'M IN FOR 50 CENTS.
CALL.
I'M IN.
I SEE YOUR 50 CENTS...
AND I RAISE YOU...
FIVE DOLLARS.
I THOUGHT IT WAS
A 50-CENT LIMIT.
I JUST LOST A JOB
AND I'D LIKE TO RAISE
THE BET FIVE BUCKS.
DOES ANYBODY HAVE
A PROBLEM WITH THAT?
NOT AT ALL.
NO.
NO, NO.
LOSER?
NO, I FOLD.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WHAT IS THIS?
I THOUGHT THAT
"ONCE THE CARDS ARE DEALT,
I'M NOT A NICE GUY."
WERE YOU JUST FULL OF IT?
I'M IN.
HOW MANY YOU WANT?
ONE.
DEALER TAKES TWO.
WHAT DO YOU BET?
I BET TWO DOLLARS.
OKAY.
SEE YOUR TWO...
AND I RAISE YOU...
TWENTY.
WHA...
I'LL SEE YOUR 20...
RAISE YOU 25.
SEE YOUR 25...
AND, UH...
MONICA, GET MY PURSE.
RACHEL, THERE'S
NOTHING IN IT.
OKAY, THEN GET ME YOUR PURSE.
OKAY...
HERE YOU GO.
GOOD LUCK.
THANK YOU.
I SAW YOUR 25,
AND I RAISE YOU...
SEVEN.
TEEN.
JOEY, I'M A LITTLE SHY.
THAT'S OKAY, ROSS.
YOU CAN ASK ME.
WHAT DO YOU NEED?
FIFTEEN.
HERE'S TEN.
HERE, I GOT FIVE.
THANK YOU.
GOOD LUCK.
OKAY, I AM CALLING YOUR 17.
WHAT DO YOU GOT?
FULL HOUSE.
YOU GOT ME.
OH!
♪ DA, DA, DA, DA,
DA-DA ♪
DA-DA... ♪
OH...
OH!
THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
I THOUGHT WE HAD THEM.
WHEN YOU DON'T HAVE THE CARDS,
YOU DON'T HAVE THE CARDS
BUT LOOK HOW HAPPY SHE IS.
AIRPLANE. AIRPORT.
AIRPORT '75!
AIRPORT '77!
AIRPORT '79!
BYE, BYE... BIRDIE!
WHAT?
THAT'S A BIRD?
THAT'S A BIRD.
Rachel:
OKAY, IT'S MY TURN.
GO.
UH, BEAN.
BEAN.
THE UNBEARABLE
LIGHTNESS OF BEING!
YES!
THAT'S IT!
THAT YOU GET?